what's up guys at x rays and welcome to
a new zombies video today it's it's a
very exciting thing this could be an
alternate ending for die rise so you
know if you're new and you want to
subscribe go ahead and subscribe like
slap a like on this video to get it out
there but anyway so I was on activision
i was on the forum and i was looking at
zombies and i noticed that there was a
new patch note a new patch came out
today on the nineteenth and i went
through all the all the notes that were
the multiplayer the zombies and
something that was into zombies you know
it caught my eye and i thought it was
something that was worthy of sharing
with you guys because this could be an
alternate ending for die rise so anyways
a while ago Jimmy zelanski was saying
that there was another way to end the
game so he said one way was to die and
the game would be over but that there
was another way that that died wasn't
the only way to get an ending so anyway
so jumping into the petrol for you guys
to check it out he's gonna show up on
screen right about now and as you guys
are seeing i'm just showing the full
thing so you guys can see patch nose is
not fake as an in Photoshop or do
anything like that and now that I got
you know the little zombies a address or
whatever thing I'm gonna jump into a
bigger version of this a more assumed
and one for you guys to check it out and
as you guys are seeing it says that they
addressed a issue it says fix a spawn
issue for players in die rise that spot
on top of the escape pod after a host
migration in a two plus player game so
did you guys catch exactly what I meant
here if you guys look on top of the
escape pod so this me that there's an
escape pod you can get into and it takes
you to another map and you know it just
ends the game or you know and everybody
is scrambling to find this I saw people
that were leaving comments about you
know hey we got to find it so personally
I am not aware of where it is right now
I'm going to try to take some time and
try to find it if you guys find anything
or if you guys have already seen
something that looks like an escape pod
leave it on the comments below to be
interesting to see that but it looks
like you know this escape pod thing is
going to be what might be the possible
ending to this that you're not just you
know trying to survive an endless horde
of zombies and stuff like that so
anyways leave a comment down below what
you guys think you guys think is just
something that they put you know just
something the background you can
actually reach you know but if they
actually put their the
scape pot and you know it has to mean
that there's something going on you know
possible ending or something like that
anyways hope you guys enjoyed today's
video guys leave a comment down below
what do you guys think about this if you
guys have seen anything you know that
might resemble an escape pod or if you
guys think this escape but isn't even
anything that's valuable to the game and
also remember to slap like on this video
and if you guys are you remember to
subscribe for more information on
zombies and yeah because enjoyed it MX's
amount